What I mean is...
Don't have a meeting with Sun Jian alone
I am the leader of the project
I have the right to know all the content of the meeting
You are the leader of this project
I saw you were busy just now.
Thinking about after the meeting with designer Sun
I will give you the meeting materials.
I'm your boss.
He's not you have to listen to me
You are my boss he is not
All right,all right, all right
I'll bring you to the next meeting, too.
Hey
Oh, I see.
Yes, I bought this milk tea.
Su Ran, no
Su designer
I have let you down before that.
I apologize to you.
At that time, if you encounter tens of thousands of projects, you will do it.
Don't you forget to bring our colleagues?
Haha, what do you say?
It's just a cup of milk tea, and I want designer Su to take you.
By the way, designer Su, you have been in the company for so long.
I haven't had a bank meeting for you yet
How about I treat you to make it up tonight?
Second come
It's also a celebration of your successful entry into the Early Warning Officer program
What do you think?
No, I already have a date tonight.
have an appointment
Oh, it's more important for you and Ji to date
Then we'll make an appointment another day.
That's not me.
Designer Su, what you say is what you say.
We all understand
How about we have lunch together at noon? I'll treat you.
Designer Su, you match Susan.
You are a cockroach that can't be stepped on
Hello Aunt Su
Do you still remember me?
I am Guan Yingying, a good friend of Songran's university days
I have something to tell you.